add dovetail 5 (#1450)
carpentries/carpentries.org: _posts/2022/07/2022-07-20-dovetail-005.md

---
layout: page
authors: ["Zhian N. Kamvar"]
teaser: "Workbench Beta on Hold"
title: "The Dovetail #5: Updates from The Carpentries Workbench"
date: 2022-07-20
time: "09:00:00"
tags: ["Lesson Infrastructure", "Community", "Carpentries Workbench", "Beta", "Dovetail"]
---

This is the fifth post in a series that we are calling "The Dovetail."
In this series, we aim to keep members of The Carpentries community abreast of
the current news for [The Carpentries Workbench](https://carpentries.github.io/workbench). 

If you are interested in participating in discussions around The Carpentries
Workbench, head over to our GitHub Discussions forum: <https://github.com/carpentries/workbench/discussions>

## Announcements

### Workbench Beta Phase On Hold

**The Workbench Beta phase is [on Hold until after CarpentryCon](https://github.com/carpentries/workbench/discussions/22)**, 
and it is likely that it will be on hold until mid-September. Over the last few
weeks, [like an unexpected late spring ice storm](https://www.weather.gov/gjt/Jan09_IceStorm),

> situations unrelated to development of The Workbench both personal and
> professional ([such as the departure of a good friend and colleague]({{ site.url }}/blog/2022/07/thank-you-francois/)) sources
> have arisen, which forced me to stop pedaling and gently squeeze the brakes on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
situations unrelated to development of The Workbench both personal and
professional ([such as the departure of a good friend and colleague]({{ site.url }}/blog/2022/07/thank-you-francois/))
have arisen, which forced me to stop pedaling and gently squeeze the brakes on
```

I think this reads better?

at 13:50 EST. The talk will be recorded and will be available for all after the
conference concludes. In the talk I will highlight how we used our Core Values
to design The Carpentries Workbench.

#### CarpentryCon (August 2022)

CarpentryCon is coming up at the beginning of August (so you should [register to attend (its free!)](https://2022.carpentrycon.org/)) 
and there will be several opportunities to learn about The Workbench at the
Skillup entitled: "Building Lessons with The Carpentries Workbench" lead by
Toby Hodges and myself. Check out the times:

 - 10 August, 2022 09:30-11:30 UTC [(add to your calendar)](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=N2xtMG8ydXUwOGM5amptY3FqbjBsMWFldTkgY190bXRya2YzMjhnanRjczF1MDVtaGZibjdxY0Bn)
 - 10 August, 2022 22:00-00:00 UTC [(add to your calendar)](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=NGpmZnVmamJ1MGFqMTRzdjJsYTZsODA3YmggY190bXRya2YzMjhnanRjczF1MDVtaGZibjdxY0Bn)
 - 12 August, 2022 14:00-16:00 UTC [(add to your calendar)](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=N2lvOXM4c2F2MmJpOG4yODlmZ2hlNDliYmYgY190bXRya2YzMjhnanRjczF1MDVtaGZibjdxY0Bn)

#### RSECon2022 (September 2022)

> Toby Hodges and I will be leading a short workshop at The Research Software
> Engineer Conference entitled "Collaborative Lesson Development with The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toby Hodges and I will be leading a short workshop at 
[The Conference for Research Software Engineering](https://rsecon2022.society-rse.org/) 
entitled "Collaborative Lesson Development with The
```

Author: Thank you! I was going to include this and then forgot!
